Add size prop and large variant to Testimonial (#240)
primer/brand: .changeset/three-kids-pay.md

---

> '@primer/react-brand': minor

Reviewer: This can be a patch.

```suggestion
'@primer/react-brand': patch
```

---

> Adds a `size` prop to control Testimonial's quote text size

Reviewer: Nit: 

```suggestion
Added a `size` prop to control Testimonial's text size
```
